Welcome. In this update, we will talk about planning now for spiritual activities over
the next few months. But first, here are a few updates.
On March 28, 2025, a 7.7 magnitude earthquake struck Myanmar and Thailand. The epicenter
was in Myanmar in the city of Mandalay. Many brothers and sisters had fled to Mandalay because
of war in various parts of the country. Sadly, a married couple serving as missionaries
in Mandalay died when the apartment building they were living in collapsed. We can only
imagine the pain and grief felt by their family members and the many brothers and sisters
who loved them dearly. We continue to pray that Jehovah gives these ones the strength
and comfort they need at this time. Another missionary couple living in that same building
survived, but sustained serious injuries. They have received emergency medical care and
thankfully, they are expected to make a full recovery. Seven other witnesses sustained
mostly minor injuries. Six homes owned by our brothers were destroyed and 77 more were
damaged. Six kingdom halls were also damaged. The branch committee is coordinating relief
efforts, including repairs and reconstruction. In South America and in southern and eastern
Africa, some of our brothers and sisters are suffering from famine. To address these
needs, we are providing food relief to over 8,000 brothers and sisters in six countries.
We sincerely thank you for your generous contributions that make this relief work possible.
While we continue to support our brothers and sisters in their challenges, we also have
some positive news to share from around the world. We're pleased to inform you that on
February 12, 2025, 72-year-old sister Alganesh Tecde was released from prison in Eritrea.
And on March 12, 2025, 80-year-old sister Beracti Gibratatios was also released. They have
been reunited with their families and are receiving the care they need. Both sisters
were among the 23 brothers and sisters previously reported on who were arrested in September
2024. We're also happy to report that six brothers were recently released from prison
in Russia after serving their sentences. This includes brother Demetri Golik, who served
about four years in prison. Upon release, Demetri was met by his wife and a group of family
members and friends. Also recently released was brother Inverse Yukov. His sister and her husband
were there to share his joy. Inver spent four years in a pre-trial detention center. That is
a record for the amount of time that one of our brothers has spent in pre-trial detention,
where conditions are often harsher than a penal colony. Despite such conditions, Inver gave a
good witness by his conduct. For example, a fellow prisoner sent him a letter of gratitude
that says, in part, thank you for being you. You are making this world a better place, showing by
example what we should be and what we can become. Your eyes always shine with warmth. Even here,
you help people feel happy at least for a moment. You manage to restore my faith in people.
This world needs you. We all need you. We are so proud of our imprisoned brothers and sisters.
Although many are enduring harsh conditions, they continue to glorify Jehovah by their fine
conduct. As Matthew chapter 5 and verse 16 says, Let your light shine before men so that they may
see your fine works and give glory to your father who is in the heavens.
May Jehovah continue to strengthen and support all of our brothers and sisters who are in prison
for their faith. Here's another recent development. In March 2025, the governing body invited
branch committee members 80 years of age or older to consider their circumstances. As a result,
some of these dear brothers have made a personal decision that they will no longer serve as
branch committee members. Let's hear from a few. Old age sneaks up on you and you don't realize
at times the limitations that you have. So this was a way for the governing body to help us
to just accept the reality of old age in the consequences. During my almost 77 years of full-time
service, I have always experienced that Jehovah's guidance through the faithful slave brings joy and
contentment. I truly believe that this arrangement is an expression of Jehovah's deep love.
Even if our assignments change in the future, regardless of what assignment it may be,
will be an opportunity to enjoy our service or constantly thinking about pleasing Jehovah.
This is the answer to a prayer. We cannot keep up. Let somebody else younger, stronger,
do the job and they're doing it. It makes me very happy to see younger brothers now on our
branch committee and they're doing a great job and I know allowing for other younger brothers to come
in. It's going to help the organization. It does help me to appreciate do what you can, not what you
can't do and love it. Follow Jehovah's direction. You'll always be happy.
The governing body deeply loves and respects these dear brothers.
If their circumstances permit, they will continue to share in teaching assignments,
such as conducting morning worship, serving as branch representatives at circuit assemblies,
and in giving talks at regional conventions. In that way, our brothers and sisters will continue
to benefit from their many years of faithful service. We're all looking forward to the
2025 Pure Worship Conventions. This convention series began the weekend of May 9-11,
2025 and will continue into early 2026. It will include 19 special conventions to be held in
13 countries. The first special convention was held the weekend of May 9-11 in Santa Cruz,
Bolivia. The peak attendance was 12,380 and 177 were baptized. I am sure we are all looking forward
to attending a convention. As a reminder, so that everyone can get the most out of the convention
program, the governing body requests that we all please be seated so that we can listen to the
convention's musical preludes. This will allow us to prepare our minds and hearts for the convention
program. Speaking of conventions, here's another update. Recently, the brothers at World Headquarters
reviewed the audio and video equipment needs for regional conventions in 20 African branches.
Outstandingly, the attendance in these 20 branch territories was nearly two and a half times
the number of publishers. This represents close to five million attendees. But not all of the
convention locations have sufficient audio and video equipment to enjoy the convention program
like our brothers in other lands. We're pleased to inform you that the governing body has approved
to spend $21.1 million over a three-year period to purchase additional audio and video equipment
for conventions in Africa. A phased approach will be used to purchase and deploy the equipment
for assembly halls, rented facilities, expandable kingdom halls, and even open fields.
For 2026, the focus will be primarily on equipping conventions with sufficient audio equipment
and generators. Some convention sites will be prepared to install new video setups
to enhance existing setups. We thank you for your generosity and making it possible
for us to provide this equipment that will greatly benefit our brothers and sisters as well
as many interested ones. Now, let's talk about planning spiritual activities.
In the Northern Hemisphere, as we move into summer, many of us will have our conventions in
the weeks ahead. Even in the Southern Hemisphere, many conventions will be held in the next few
months, and you may be planning other activities or possibly vacations, too. As you look ahead,
what is a good principle to remember? The greatest joy and satisfaction will come from giving to
our wonderful God, Jehovah. As Proverbs 3, 9 in 10 says, honor Jehovah with your valuable things,
with the first fruits of all your produce, then your storehouses will be completely filled,
and your vats will overflow with new wine. So, as we plan our activities for the next few months,
let's consider what opportunities we might have to expand our service to Jehovah.
Young ones, if you have time off school during the next few months,
could you spend more time in the ministry? In the weeks leading up to each convention,
we'll invite our neighbors to attend the convention with us. That's an excellent time to expand
our ministry. Could you auxiliary pioneer? Many of us have fond memories of auxiliary pioneering
during school breaks. Of course, this applies not only to our younger ones. All of us want to
consider if we could auxiliary pioneer. Perhaps we might even be able to do so as a family.
Could we reach out to work some unassigned or seldom worked territory? No doubt such activities
would bring us deep joy and satisfaction. Some of you young ones are finishing school in the coming
months. If so, have you prayerfully considered the goal of regular pioneering?
The new service year is just a few months away. Why not consider putting in your application?
There are also opportunities to volunteer for Kingdom Hall maintenance and construction.
Could you apply to share in this work? And remember that baptized brothers and sisters 18 years of
age and older may now apply for Bethel. That's another wonderful way to serve Jehovah.
This is also an excellent time to think about attending the School for Kingdom Evangelizers.
Recently, the governing body encouraged young ones to consider the goal of missionary service.
SKE is the door to missionary service. Have you put in your application for SKE?
Remember that baptized brothers and sisters who are at least 21 years of age and who have been
serving as regular pioneers for at least two years may apply to attend.
There are so many exciting opportunities. Please, carefully consider which ones may be open to you.
Of course, we are also making plans to attend the convention in person if at all possible.
Even if we have limited health or strength, could we attend in person one day or even a half day of
the convention? Doing so would allow us the joy of praying together, singing together and being
with our dear brothers and sisters in person. In this update, we have considered a variety of ways
that we can be busy in spiritual activities. With good planning, we can accomplish much.
Our prayer for all of you is contained in the words of Psalm 20, verse 4, which says,
may he grant you the desires of your heart and give success to all your plans. Brothers and sisters,
we love you all very much. From the world headquarters of Jehovah's Witnesses, this is JW Broadcasting.